administration\how-to-create-a-resource-pool.md:11:manager: cgronlun
administration\modify-user-account-pool.md:11:manager: cgronlun
administration\monitor-sql-server-machine-learning-services-using-dynamic-management-views.md:11:manager: cgronlun
administration\resource-governance.md:11:manager: cgronlun
common-issues-external-script-execution.md:9:manager: cgronlun
concepts\extensibility-framework.md:11:manager: cgronlun
concepts\extension-python.md:11:manager: cgronlun
concepts\extension-r.md:11:manager: cgronlun
concepts\security.md:11:manager: cgronlun
data-collection-ml-troubleshooting-process.md:10:manager: cgronlun
install\sql-machine-learning-azure-virtual-machine.md:11:manager: cgronlun
install\sql-machine-learning-services-windows-install.md:11:manager: cgronlun
install\sql-machine-learning-standalone-windows-install.md:11:manager: cgronlun
install\sql-ml-cab-downloads.md:11:manager: cgronlun
install\sql-ml-component-commandline-install.md:11:manager: cgronlun
install\sql-ml-component-install-without-internet-access.md:11:manager: cgronlun
install\sql-pretrained-models-install.md:11:manager: cgronlun
install\sql-r-services-windows-install.md:11:manager: cgronlun
install\sql-server-machine-learning-services-2019.md:10:manager: cgronlun
install\upgrade-r-and-python.md:11:manager: cgronlun
known-issues-for-sql-server-machine-learning-services.md:10:manager: cgronlun
machine-learning-troubleshooting-faq.md:10:manager: cgronlun
package-management\default-packages.md:12:manager: cgronlun
package-management\installed-package-information.md:11:manager: cgronlun
python\install-additional-python-packages-on-sql-server.md:11:manager: cgronlun
python\python-libraries-and-data-types.md:11:manager: cgronlun
python\ref-py-microsoftml.md:11:manager: cgronlun
python\ref-py-revoscalepy.md:11:manager: cgronlun
python\setup-python-client-tools-sql.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\converting-r-code-for-use-in-sql-server.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\create-a-local-package-repository-using-minicran.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\creating-multiple-models-using-rxexecby.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\creating-workflows-that-use-r-in-sql-server.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\data-exploration-and-predictive-modeling-with-r.md:10:manager: cgronlun
r\extended-events-for-sql-server-r-services.md:10:manager: cgronlun
r\how-to-create-a-stored-procedure-using-sqlrutils.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\how-to-create-mdx-queries-using-olapr.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\how-to-do-realtime-scoring.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\install-additional-r-packages-on-sql-server.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\install-r-packages-tsql.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\managing-and-monitoring-r-solutions.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\monitor-r-services-using-custom-reports-in-management-studio.md:10:manager: cgronlun
r\operationalizing-your-r-code.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\package-install-uninstall-and-sync.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\packages-installed-in-user-libraries.md:10:manager: cgronlun
r\performance-case-study-r-services.md:10:manager: cgronlun
r\r-and-data-optimization-r-services.md:10:manager: cgronlun
r\r-libraries-and-data-types.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\r-package-how-to-enable-or-disable.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\r-server-standalone.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\ref-r-microsoftml.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\ref-r-olapr.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\ref-r-revoscaler.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\ref-r-sqlrutils.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\save-and-load-r-objects-from-sql-server-using-odbc.md:10:manager: cgronlun
r\set-up-a-data-science-client.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\sql-server-configuration-r-services.md:10:manager: cgronlun
r\sql-server-r-services-performance-tuning.md:10:manager: cgronlun
r\sql-server-r-services.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\upgrade-and-installation-faq-sql-server-r-services.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\use-r-package-managers-on-sql-server.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r\use-revoscaler-to-manage-r-packages.md:10:manager: cgronlun
r\using-data-from-olap-cubes-in-r.md:10:manager: cgronlun
r\using-r-code-profiling-functions.md:11:manager: cgronlun
r-script-execution-errors.md:10:manager: cgronlun
real-time-scoring.md:11:manager: cgronlun
security\create-a-login-for-sqlrusergroup.md:11:manager: cgronlun
security\firewall-configuration.md:11:manager: cgronlun
security\sql-server-launchpad-service-account.md:11:manager: cgronlun
security\user-permission.md:11:manager: cgronlun
sql-native-scoring.md:11:manager: cgronlun
sql-server-machine-learning-services.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\data-science-scenarios-and-solution-templates.md:10:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\deepdive-create-and-run-r-scripts.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\deepdive-create-models.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\deepdive-create-new-sql-server-table-using-rxdatastep.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\deepdive-create-sql-server-data-objects-using-rxsqlserverdata.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\deepdive-data-science-deep-dive-using-the-revoscaler-packages.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\deepdive-define-and-use-compute-contexts.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\deepdive-load-data-into-memory-using-rximport.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\deepdive-move-data-between-sql-server-and-xdf-file.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\deepdive-perform-chunking-analysis-using-rxdatastep.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\deepdive-query-and-modify-the-sql-server-data.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\deepdive-score-new-data.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\deepdive-transform-data-using-r.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\deepdive-visualize-sql-server-data-using-r.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\deepdive-work-with-sql-server-data-using-r.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\demo-data-airlinedemo-in-sql.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\demo-data-iris-in-sql.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\demo-data-nyctaxi-in-sql.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\machine-learning-services-tutorials.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\quickstart-python-data-structures.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\quickstart-python-inputs-and-outputs.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\quickstart-python-run-using-t-sql.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\quickstart-python-train-score-in-tsql.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\quickstart-python-verify.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\quickstart-r-create-predictive-model.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\quickstart-r-data-types-and-objects.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\quickstart-r-functions.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\quickstart-r-inputs-and-outputs.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\quickstart-r-predict-from-model.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\quickstart-r-run-using-tsql.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\quickstart-r-verify.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\r-tutorial-create-models-per-partition.md:12:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\r-tutorial-custom-r-functions.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\sql-server-python-tutorials.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\sql-server-r-tutorials.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\sqldev-create-data-features-using-t-sql.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\sqldev-explore-and-visualize-the-data.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\sqldev-in-database-python-for-sql-developers.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\sqldev-in-database-r-for-sql-developers.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\sqldev-operationalize-the-model.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\sqldev-py3-explore-and-visualize-the-data.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\sqldev-py4-create-data-features-using-t-sql.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\sqldev-py5-train-and-save-a-model-using-t-sql.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\sqldev-py6-operationalize-the-model.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\sqldev-train-and-save-a-model-using-t-sql.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\use-python-revoscalepy-to-create-model.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\walkthrough-build-and-save-the-model.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\walkthrough-create-data-features.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\walkthrough-create-graphs-and-plots-using-r.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\walkthrough-data-science-end-to-end-walkthrough.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\walkthrough-deploy-and-use-the-model.md:11:manager: cgronlun
tutorials\walkthrough-view-and-summarize-data-using-r.md:11:manager: cgronlun
what-is-sql-server-machine-learning.md:11:manager: cgronlun
what-s-new-in-sql-server-machine-learning-services.md:8:manager: cgronlun
xe-event-predict-tsql.md:10:manager: cgronlun
